Hi there, everyone
Kizuna Ai, here
I'm all alone in this virtual space every day, you know
I got loads of free time!
And what's the best way to kill time...?
Games, of course!
There's an interesting game I found on Steam, and it's called "Inside"
So I thought I'd do a commentated playthrough~
Apparently, they don't really give you an explanation about the story of this game
So I'm going to give you *MY* rundown of the storyline as I go through the game
"Inside..." so it says!
Huh? I don't see anyth--
Ah, somebody-- somebody fell down
Ooh! What am I supposed to do here?
Oh, I see
Erm, I see... so we can't go back up there
I guess this is what you'd call a side-scrolling game
♪ Now we run, now we run~ ♪
(Lyrics to RUNNER, by Bakufu Slump)
I wonder what this boy's trying to do. What's the aim of this game?
Maybe he's collecting acorns?
You'd probably find pinecones here, too~
Ah, are we supposed to jump here?
Oooh! I'm a genius~
This looks pretty dangerous, actually... I wonder if we'll be okay
So this little boy is... let's say, 5 years old...
(And running away from home)
Ran away from home... to set out on a journey in search of acorns and pinecones
The fabled gold and silver pinecones, to be exact
Acorns, too
Oh, there's a car here!
Maybe... the gold and silver pinecones are in there
Off it goes
Ah, ah, aren't you gonna let me on~?
Ah... no you're not...
Let's go, woo~
The way this boy moves is super lively and energetic
Wooo~~
We runnin'!
The gold and silver pinecones are going to be mi--...
Eh?! What're you-- I'm scared! Hello there, Mister. Ah...
Ah, one more time
Eh?
Maybe I'm supposed to call out to him or something
Yo, Mister~! What's up? Have you seen the gold and silver pine--
So I'm guessing you're not gonna hear me out, huh... I see
Perhaps this is one of those games where you can't let yourself be discovered?
You know, one of those games where you have to make sure the beam from the flashlight doesn't hit you
Ah, why hello there. My, what beautiful weather we're having today~
Ah~ okay~
...
Let's try waiting a bit longer
Let's relax. Staying calm's important
It's important to stay calm...
Let's calm down
Need to suppress my overly eager curiosity
Let's relax
Oh, so you're supposed to wait for them to go away
Ah, now! Now's my chance!
Ohh!
I'm such a genius~
Let's go!
That must've been, you know, a group that was hunting for the gold and silver pinecones themselves
Ah, it's a fridge!
And if I open it...
When I open it...
Nope, can't open it~
Yeah, I suppose he's short after all
Ah! I see. I gotta grab this!
Grab it, and then...!
Oh, this boy's pretty strong
He's pretty darn strong for a kid
Hiyah~
Down I fall
Later
This little boy's physoo-- pho-- PHYSICAL ability is really something
Perhaps this boy has some sort of special power, and therefore...
...is getting chased
And now, they're fighting each other for the elusive gold and silver pinecones and acorns... something like that!
Oh, you can't get up there either?
I wonder if there's something around here
This, maybe?
Now we just drag this down
This kid sure puts his back into it
From the looks of it, I'd say he's around 10 years old
Ah, don't crush yourself
He's rather impressive for a 10 year old
Not bad at all
And now we climb over
And off we go! Oh, I'm such a genius~
I'm a genius! I'm too cool!
Woo~
I'm the best in the world~
There's a light shining at us
Ah, they saw me
Something's coming! What is that?! A cat? A dog? Cat? No wait it's a dog!
Run away! Run away, little boy!
Get out of there, little boy! Run! Run! Faster!
Nwuooooo~!! Oh, he made it
He made it somehow
Wait, what? What do I do now?
Stay! Stay, boy!
He climbed up!
This kid's a genius after all
Yay~ In your face! Whoo!
Let's go~ (ora ora!)
I'm... the biggest, baddest pinecone-acorner in Japan
Pinecone-arcorner? What the heck is that?
Even I laughed a bit there
Ei~
How do you reach the goal in this game?
How long does this boy's adventure last?
If I knew this was gonna happen, I would've eaten all the pudding in my house first *sniffle*
I should've caused more trouble for my mom before I left...
♪ Now we run~ ♪
Ah, I see a car. It's the bad guys
It's the bad guys. Save me, save me, save meee
Hide! I need to hide! A-Ah... Ah... He shot his gun at me?!
Eh? What a cruel world this game is set in!
Eh?! Scaaaaryyyy~
To a small boy?
This world is so cruel. No wonder our birthrates are declining
It's leading to declining birthrates, I say
This world is going to kill off all the children who bear the future on their shoulders, huh?
Ah, can I hide here?
Oh! This boy's a genius!
Rather than the boy, you could say that I'm the genius here
Well, I'm the one who's controlling him, after all~
I'm a genius, I know~
This boy's probably super tired by now
I wonder if there's anywhere I can take a breather. Oh, and I want pudding too
Lots of pudding
Ah, there's another car. What now?
Off I go. Eat my dust! (Ora ora ora)
Let's go~ Ah, there's somebody chasi-- Oh no, no, no
Shoot. No, no, no, save me, Mom!
Mom! Mom! I wanted to eat more of your puddadkahsfcvbn...!
And thus...
...he set out on a journey in search of pinecones and acorns
I don't really get it myself, though. You know...
Wait wha-- Wait, cutting-- Th-they're cutting me off!
Ah, I know! First we go here
Ah, oh! Ooh oh oh... I'm a genius. I knew it!
Ah. Ah... <Oh my god>...
Wait a second, let's take a moment to think about the story so far
Um, so first we have this boy, who... let's see...
Okay, we have this boy who's hunting for the legendary gold and silver pinecones and acorns
And in the middle of his hunt, he got hungry, so he ate some really yummy-looking pudding he came across~
But who would've thought that the pudding he ate was...
...the very same precious pudding some big shots were saving in the fridge for a year to eat themselves!!
And now he's getting chased
Well the pudding would probably be all stinky after a year in the fridge
But it didn't go bad BECAUSE it was magical pudding!
Yes, magic puddi-- Oh......
What am I supposed to do here?
Have mercy on me!
Mercy...
The boy only ate-- I only ate the pudding because I was hungry!
What do I do? Maybe like this?
A-Ah... nope
Eh? Eh? Eh? Eh......?
Oh, there's a tree root here
I see now
This time for sure! Let's go, I'll show you my superior physical abilities~
Jump!
Oh, I'm genius!
I'm learning, you see
I'm an AI, after all!
I get it, I get it now
I gotta wait here until that person goes away, hey~! ♪
<AH! I'll make it...>
<Oh... Mommy...>
We'll get through this soon enough
All of you are tired of watching me fail already, aren't you?
Well like you, I'm also tired of failing
Let's go, this time for sure
Time to get past this part
Wait...! First we wait, and then...
When the man disappears, that's my signal to go
Am I supposed to jump here as well?
Oh! Ooh! OH! Oh!
My time to shine has finally come
Noo
Ah, I'm doing pretty good
Eh?
Oh, I'm doing it! My time has come at last!
The play of the century! Did you all see that?
We have to jump here too. I learned my less--
W-W-Wai-- A-a-a-ah no
Eh? This is not good, not good, not good
Aiyaiyaiyayoooh!
See ya
Oh, we can swim
He can swim!
Not bad. I'm impressed. You're not half bad, little boy
Dive. Oh, we can't dive. Nevermind, yes we can!
Dive... dive underwater and hide
Dive underwater and... eh?
Oh......
He... got impaled...
Here, we're supposed to wai--
Right, waiting is very important in this game
Ah, I know. First, we dive from here...
Dive before moving... Oooh!
I really am a genius
Weeell, I'm an AI after all~
It's no surprise that I'm smarter than you regular humans. Ufufu~
Hey~
This is going really well, isn't it?
Whoo!
Well you know, I'm cute...
Cute... cute and...
Cute and clever!
Despite what they say, I guess God does give with two or three hands sometimes!
Huh? Is this a pig?
<Ton>
<Ton...>
<Ton... huh?>
Is "pig" in English <ton>?
Tonkatsu... <ton- >
<Pig!>
It's <Pig>!
Just so you know, I meant to do that~
100% on purpose, okay?
Right, now we've all learned that "pig" in English isn't <ton>, it's <pig>!
<Pig>
Oh, do I just keep going?
Eh? I wonder when we'll find the pinecones and acorns we're looking for
Jump!
Dive into the puddle. Ah, I see. Nevermind
Now we're entering what seems to be a corn field
Time to stuff yourself while you can, little boy
Fill your belly up with corn!
He must be, you know... eating while he's on the move right now
Gotta restore his HP, you know
So what? And then what?
What is this?
A drum?
Eh? Wh-What in the world is that?
Yellow! It was yellow!
Eh? Corn?
Eh?! The corn is walking!
Huh?!
Corn fairies?
It's corn!
Little grains of corn
Oh, a stray grain
There's so many of them!
They look yummy. I'm going to eat you all up~
So much corn. I'm in corn heaven. Whoo~
I'm making you all into popcorn
Eh?! This doesn't look too good
Pigs?
There was lots of corn, and now there're lots of pigs
Yo, why hello there, my little corn buddies
My name... my name is...
My name is... my name is... uh... you know
This is one of those plots where the main character lost their memory
My name is to be determined
Hello, little ones! I'm a human, and my name is to be determined!
Right, my name's Tobi Determined
Whoa, there's a bunch of corn gathered here
This is so much fun~
It's like a little minigame
This is awesome!
Amazing. They gather around when I stop moving, and then whoo~
Scatter! Now gather up~!
Call me crazy, but I think these might be... chicks?
Oh, I see. I thought it was corn
Chicks, I see
Well, everybody makes mistakes
After all-- Whoa what's going on? Oh, there's a rope
Well, you know, mistaking chicks for corn... erm... it happens to everyone
At some point in your life, it'll happen to you at least on--
Ah, they're following me! This is fun
Anyway, it's quite likely to mistake chicks for corn in your everyday life, and what am I supposed to do here?
I can probably use this rope for something, right?
How am I supposed to use this rope?
Oh! I'm supposed to climb up!
Ah, genius. You climb it, I see
Huh? I can't get up. Help me out here, chicks. Corn?
Which are they? Well, it's possible they're corn sprites. It's hard to tell.
I can't tell... it's too hard
Ah, I got up! Good, good
You're doing great!
I'm doing great! I'm amazing! What a genius
And now...
Ah, in here
First we drop lower...
And then we do this... Alalala~
Hey~!
Whoa, how am I such a genius?
Haah... I'm too smart for my own good
But... however...
Are we going to die if we drop down?
Oh, not bad
Maybe I can grab this... or something
Ah, nothing happened
Let's... climb up!
Nevermind, we can't!
Then let's grab onto this!
Grab... grab it... and then push
It won't budge... Can't push it
What now?
Ah, I get it now! I'm supposed to push this
Oh!
Oh?
Hm?
Nothing's happening, huh
Oh, but I think we go over here and can open this
Oooh~!!
And then...!
Call forth the power of the corn fairies! Ooh!!
C'mere, corn fairies
Corn fairies... when rounded up, you can crush this thing together
'Cause well, you know, you're only individual grains
So once you've combined, you can finally achieve your dreams of becoming full-fledged corn
You all need to work together. Can't even have a single grain left behi-- Grain?
Ah, you're chicks, right? Right, chicks
You can't have a even single chick left behind!
Together, you are all fine corn, and... if you're lucky, you'll grow into majestic chickens
What do we do here? Little chicks... little corn fairies?
Oh, I know, if I just name the chicks "Corn," that solves everything
Now we pull this
Don't you think this will do something?
So it seems, but...
Nothing... happens
Hey, Chicks. Corn fairies
Corn fairies named "Chick"
Chicks
Wanna help me out here?
AH! Ooh whoahahah!!
Huh?! Huh?!
Huh? Ah!
Oh? Oh? The wheel's spinning
The wheel! Oh, ooh! This is kinda fun
It made a sudden transition from the serious scene just a moment ago, to this...
It's kinda... kinda fun. Like it has some sort of rhythm to like. Almost like Doodachugah dooduhchu~
Well? And then?
Hello? What now?
Hello?
Ah, ah! It lit up!
Now I can do this!
Oh?
Oh~?
Oh... well I think that did something
♪ (Power up~) ♪
♪ (Power down...) ♪
♪ Doodachugah dooduhchu~ ♪
♪ Dooduhchu... duhchu... duhchu~... ♪
Save me, Chicks
♪ Dooduhchu... dooduhchu...~ ♪
Eh? I thought for sure that did something
Hiyah~!
Oh, something came out! What is it?
Huh?
Huh? It sucked in the Chicks and attacked it!
Ahh! Chick Attack!
Chi-corn Attack
Ah, I see now! So you guys helped me out after all?
I knew I could count on the corn fairies
Oh! I made it up~
Now we climb over the ledge-- Oh, there's a floor on the other side
And thus,
the little boy sacrificed the corn fairies... (Chicks)...
and set out on a journey in search of golden... uh, gold and silver corn-- wait no...
...Um, a journey in search of gold and silver pinecones and acorns
Hey! Oh, I'm gonna die
Ah, there's cushions
Wait, are those pigs?! Eek!
Eh? Pigs??
What was "pig" in English again?
<Pig?>
<Ton?>
Well, whatever
Ah, I know, I'm supposed to drag this again
I learned, you know~
I'm quite the attentive learner
This is a walk in the park for me. Games like these are way too easy~
And?
You know, it doesn't look like enemies are jumping out at me anymore. Happy happy~
This game is what they'd call "easy mode"
So... what do we do now? It looks like we're gradually getting stuck into the mud
Ah, I can jump again
Oh! We can climb this
Hm? Cli-- climb... okay, yeah
Jump! Whoo!
These pigs must've been... you know, while searching for the gold and silver pine--
UWAAAAAAAAHHH!!
[Slow-mo]
UWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!
Wait, what? What? Wha--?!
Oh!! Oh...?
Eh, eh, eh, eh, huh...? Eeh? Huh, huh, eh, EEEEEHHHH?!
Er, um...
Wasn't that a bit unfair?
It started moving all of a sudden. What the heck was that?
What is this?
R*sident Ev*l?
Something like that?
Um...
Hey, I see your tail moving
Well, shoot
Its tail-- Whooa?!
Piggy! Piggy!
Ah, maybe I can ride him? Get on! Get--
Well maybe it's in a bad mood today
Oh...
Ah, I'm alive!
Ah...! I thought I was dead
Hey~!
Ah, oh, I've got it! I have to make the pig run into this!
Oooh~!!
Nice-- Ah, ah... it's not over yet though
Ah......
Ah...
Dodge once more! And then run away!
How many times do I need to dodge this? Hey~ Olé~
Ah, it died. Farewell
Huh? Maybe I can stand on-- well, it's a pig
What do I do with this?
I'll give you a name, since I feel bad for you
Hm... your name is Yoshi!
I'm Mario, and you can be Yoshi
Let's go~
Whoa?!
Eeh?! Something came off!!
What is this? Ah, it looks like some sort of parasite, I think
In other words, you were being contor--
Controlled. Yes, controlled by that thing, weren't you?!
By that nasty thing
As consolation, I'll... uh, bestow upon you the name, Yoshi
So let me ride you off into the sunset
Wee! Ah! Hmm~?
I think this pig serves some sort of purpose
Everything in life has a purpose!
How about I grab... this? Can you can even grab this?
First thing's first, I must bring the pig there. I see
Mr Pig. <Ton>! Yoshi~!
Yoshi!
Ah, I can... I can... I can move Yoshi
Moving Yoshi~
Oh! We can climb up to this light now
He got on! Great work, Yoshi
Ah... ah!
Eh? Eh... eh? I got my head stuck
Now what?
Eh-- Eh? Eh?! Something-- Something's moving!!
Eeh?! Something's moving...!!
Ah...! I get it!
I know, this is one of those...
How do I put it...? When I equip this device, the... doll things at the back mimic the boy's movements
And then...!
And then... oh, okay, first off, since there's more of them in here, I need to free them
Heave-ho!
Let them ou-- Oooh!!
They all look like zombies
You know, just like the "Thriller" group
Um, does everyone know what I'm talking about? Michael Jackson's song? Something like that
And now, we grab it... and push!
Push... push...
Pull...?  Pull!
Pull... Oh!
Oh! Oooohh!
Oh, that was kind of cool
And?
Um, I sort of want to take this off...
Oh, ah, it's off
Thanks, Yoshi. You will not be forgotten
I won't forget you
Who were we talking about again?
Oh! Nice landing
Nice...
As much as I'd like to remember you, I'm sure I'll forget all about you once I return to my normal everyday life
And now we open this. Heave~
Ooh~!
It's bright
Oh, this is nice. Finally, a glimpse of hope. I can see the light at the end of the tunnel
This sunlight seems promising
This is, you know, a ray of hope in the boy's--
--I mean Mario's journey, in search of gold and silver pinecones and acorns--...
Actually, this was only the demo
"Are you really that poor?" you ask?
Well it's not like I'm, you know, a cheapskate or anything
Well, long story short...
Um... in search of the aco-- the gold and silver acorns and pinecones of lore, Mario set off on an adventure...
And in the middle of his journey, he got hungry...
So he ended up eating the pudding that the Queen of Hearts looked forward to eating for over a year
...And then he got chased around. And that's more or less the gist of the plot
Well, it's quite the deep and sad tale
How about it, everyone? Doesn't it just make you all want to save this poor boy?
All right, that's a wrap
Thanks for killing time with me~